Update Help_Centre (#3583)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Help_Centre/en.md

**There might be an issue with your account's current email address.**

> If you remember your account's attached email address, or think you do, try visiting the Email section in [account settings](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/account/edit) page to change your email address. Fill out the necessary fields and click `Update` when you're done.

Reviewer: I don't think they would need to know their email to change it because signing in is done with a username. However, this seems like a problem because to access that page, you need a verification code which would be sent to the forgotten email...? So I'm not sure if this will actually help.

Author: This works if they know which email address is connected to their account and if they have access to their account. If they really really have forgotten which email they were using, they would need to send an email to accounts@ppy.sh afaik, as stated in the following paragraph. Something like an email recovery system doesn't seem to exist anymore, that's why I replaced it.

#### Is it possible to change my name back or revert to my old username?

> **Yes, but under only certain circumstances.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Yes, but only under certain circumstances.**
```
Seems more correct.

> **Yes, but under certain circumstances.**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Yes, but under only certain circumstances.**
```

> We only grant free reverts for a user's direct previous username. Changes to any other previous names must be [purchased via the store](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/32). Simply contact [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) and request your namechange reverted.

Reviewer 3: This reads weirdly. Sentence 1 and 3 are related but 2 is not.

Author: ```suggestion
We only grant free reverts for a user's direct previous username. Simply contact [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) and request your name-change reverted.

Changes to any other previous names must be [purchased via the store](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/32).
```
maybe this would fix the issue?

> We only grant free reverts for a user's direct previous username (the one shown by hovering their name on their profile). Changes to any other previous names must be [purchased via the store](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/32). Simply contact [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) and request your namechange reverted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We only grant free reverts for a user's direct previous username. Changes to any other previous names must be [purchased via the store](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/32). Simply contact [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) and request your namechange reverted.
``` 
Might still be good to clarify in some way what "direct previous username" means, but the hover thing no longer applies on the new site as it shows all previous usernames.

If your frame limiter is set to Unlimited, you may notice a significant improvement by changing it to one of the other three options.

> `VSync` will run the game at a refresh rate equal to that of your main monitor, whilst `Power Saving (120fps)` and `Optimal (480fps)` will run the game at 2x and 8x the average refresh rate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`VSync` will run the game at a refresh rate equal to that of your main monitor, whilst `Power Saving` and `Optimal ` will run the game at 2x and 8x your monitor's refresh rate, with a maximum of 960Hz.
```

If your frame limiter is set to Unlimited, you may notice a significant improvement by changing it to one of the other three options.

> `VSync` will run the game at a refresh rate equal to that of your main monitor, whilst `Power Saving` and `Optimal` will run the game at 2x and 8x your monitor's refresh rate, with a maximum of 960Hz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`VSync` will run the game at a refresh rate equal to that of your main monitor, whilst `Power Saving` and `Optimal` will run the game at twice and 8 times your monitor's refresh rate, up to 960Hz.
```

#### Do I need to use my email address to register?

> **Yes, you do. We require your email address to respond to your password reset requests and send verification codes when needed.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Yes. We require your email address to send you password reset requests and verification codes when needed.**
```

### Installation

> *For more information, see: [Installation](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Installation)*

Reviewer: Most of the sections below looks like they might have been copied to the Installation article, I think it should be removed here since there is already a link to go to that article.

The registration section has a similar deal.

> *For more information, see: [Installation](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Installation)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*For more information, see: [Installation](/wiki/Installation)*
```

**If game installer throws errors when attempting to install, you can try few things:**

- Clean your PC - Scan with anti-virus software, clean the registry. A good program for general clean up is CCleaner. Scan both your computer files and your registry. The installer can fail if there are registry entries from a previous copy of osu! still present on your system.
- Try reinstalling the latest version of .NET Framework. [You can find it here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download).

If you are using a 64-bit Windows 7, you may have difficulties installing osu! correctly. Try to install the 64-bit version of .NET Framework, in case it doesn't come with the osu! installer. [Download it here](https://download.microsoft.com/download/2/0/e/20e90413-712f-438c-988e-fdaa79a8ac3d/dotnetfx35.exe).

### Registration

*For more information, see: [Registration](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Registration)*

#### Where do I register for osu!?

> **Download osu! through [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/download), then run it. The game will prompt you a section where you can create an account.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Download osu! through [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/download), then run it. The game will prompt you with a section where you can create an account.**
```
I'm not actually 100% sure about the wording of this because I'm not entirely familiar with the new registration process. Is "with a section" actually necessary?

> Make sure you provide an email address you have control over. This is used to reset your password, and send verification mails when needed. Do not use a throw away email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure you provide an email address you have control over. This is used to reset your password and send verification emails when needed. Do not use a throwaway email.
```

**If game installer throws errors when attempting to install, you can try few things:**

- Clean your PC - Scan with anti-virus software, clean the registry. A good program for general clean up is CCleaner. Scan both your computer files and your registry. The installer can fail if there are registry entries from a previous copy of osu! still present on your system.
- Try reinstalling the latest version of .NET Framework. [You can find it here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download).

If you are using a 64-bit Windows 7, you may have difficulties installing osu! correctly. Try to install the 64-bit version of .NET Framework, in case it doesn't come with the osu! installer. [Download it here](https://download.microsoft.com/download/2/0/e/20e90413-712f-438c-988e-fdaa79a8ac3d/dotnetfx35.exe).

### Registration

> *For more information, see: [Registration](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Registration)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*For more information, see: [Registration](/wiki/Registration)*
```

#### Where do I register for osu!?

**Download osu! through [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/download), then run it. The game will prompt you with a section where you can create an account.**

Make sure you provide an email address you have control over. This is used to reset your password and send verification emails when needed. Do not use a throwaway email.

> #### I receive some sort of server-side error when trying to play online!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### I received a server-side error when trying to play online!
```
